1.Use Responsive Design with Bootstrap Fluid Containers
With responsive design, there is no need to design a mobile version of your website. 
It will look good on devices with screens of any width.
You can add Bootstrap to any app by adding the following code to the top of your HTML:
				
			<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.7/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-BVYiiSIFeK1dGmJRAkycuHAHRg32OmUcww7on3RYdg4Va+PmSTsz/K68vbdEjh4u" crossorigin="anonymous"/>

2.Make Images Mobile Responsive
In order to make an image to fit the width of any device when the website is accessed we enlist
the use of bootstrap's class called 'img-responsive'.

3.Center Text with Bootstrap
In order to center our heading we make use of bootstrap's text-center class. Keep note that we
can have several classes in one line provided each is seperated by a space e.g

            <h2 class="red-text text-center"> Red Centred Heading</h2>

4.Create a Bootstrap Button
Bootstrap has its own way of styling buttons, which are more visually appealing more than the plain
HTML buttons. We use the class "btn btn-default" in order to add a bootstrap button.

5.Create a Block Element Bootstrap Button
Normally, your button elements with the btn and btn-default classes are only as wide as
the text that they contain. to make your buttons block level elements meaning no other HTML
element appears horizontally next to it we invoke the "btn-block" bootstrap class, which makes your
bootstrap button to fully spread horizontally on the page and any other element following it will
fall into the next like on the webpage.

6.Bootstrap button colors
In order to add color to your bootstrap button you can invoke the use of "btn-primary" which will
fill your bootstrap button with the primary colour of blue.

7.Call out Optional Actions with btn-info
bootstrap comes equipped with several pre-defined colors for buttons. The "btn-info" class is used
to call to attention optional actions that a user can take.

8.Warn Your Users of a Dangerous Action with btn-danger
The "btn btn-danger" class is used to warn users of destructive actions that could happen when the button
is clicked.Since bootstrap comes with several pre-defined colors for buttons the "btn-danger"
button's default color is red.

9.Use the Bootstrap Grid to Put Elements Side By Side
Bootstrap uses a 12-column grid system.This allows us to put elements in rows and specify
each element's relative width. Most of bootstrap's classes are applied within the div tag.
Bootstrap has different column width attributes that it uses depending on how wide the
user's screen is.
Take for example "col-md-*" md stands for medium and the asterisk specifies how many columns
wide should an element be. There is also the "col-xs-*" class whereby xs stands for extra small.

10.Ditch Custom CSS for Bootstrap/Use a span to Target Inline Elements
By using the inline span element, you can put several elements on the same line, and even style
different parts of the same line differently.

11.Create a Custom Heading
Remember that bootstrap uses a 12-column grid system, this allows us to to easily put elements in
rows and specify each element's width using bootstrap's col-md-* or col-xs-* classes. We can easily put
a heading and an image on the same line without hassle and to top it all off its responsive so no
need to worry about usability across various devices.

12.Add Font Awesome Icons to our Buttons
Awesome fonts is a convenient library of icons. These icons can be webfonts or vector graphics.
Their size is modified using pixels(px) hence their treated just like fonts. To add awesome fonts
library you need to include the below link to your code:

          <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.1/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-50oBUHEmvpQ+1lW4y57PTFmhCaXp0ML5d60M1M7uH2+nqUivzIebhndOJK28anvf" crossorigin="anonymous">

We can add icons to our buttons or other HTML elements using the <i> tag, originally this tag
was used to make text italic however it is now used to add icons , we can also make use of the
span tag to add icons to our elements.

13.Responsively Style Radio Buttons
We can also style our form elements using Bootstrap classes such as col-md-* and col-xs-*. We can
use them to style our radio buttons as well as checkboxes so that they appear uniformly so on any
device irrespective of their width sizes.

14.Style Text Inputs as Form Controls
